now Satan stood up against Israel and
now Satan stood up against Israel and moved David to number Israel so David
moved David to number Israel so David
moved David to number Israel so David said to Joab and to the leaders of the
said to Joab and to the leaders of the
said to Joab and to the leaders of the people go number Israel from Beersheba
people go number Israel from Beersheba
people go number Israel from Beersheba to den and bring the number of them to
to den and bring the number of them to
to den and bring the number of them to me that I may know it and Joab answered
me that I may know it and Joab answered
me that I may know it and Joab answered may the Lord make his people a hundred
may the Lord make his people a hundred
may the Lord make his people a hundred times more than they are but my lord the
times more than they are but my lord the
times more than they are but my lord the king are they not all my Lord's servants
king are they not all my Lord's servants
king are they not all my Lord's servants why then does my Lord require this thing
why then does my Lord require this thing
why then does my Lord require this thing why should he be a cause of guilt in
why should he be a cause of guilt in
why should he be a cause of guilt in Israel nevertheless the Kings word
Israel nevertheless the Kings word
Israel nevertheless the Kings word prevailed against Joey
prevailed against Joey
prevailed against Joey therefore Joab departed and went
therefore Joab departed and went
therefore Joab departed and went throughout all Israel and came to
throughout all Israel and came to
throughout all Israel and came to Jerusalem then Joe had gave the sum of
Jerusalem then Joe had gave the sum of
Jerusalem then Joe had gave the sum of the number of the people to David all
the number of the people to David all
the number of the people to David all Israel at 1 million one hundred thousand
Israel at 1 million one hundred thousand
Israel at 1 million one hundred thousand men who drew the sword and Judah had
men who drew the sword and Judah had
men who drew the sword and Judah had four hundred and seventy thousand men
four hundred and seventy thousand men
four hundred and seventy thousand men who drew the sword but he did not count
who drew the sword but he did not count
who drew the sword but he did not count lever and Benjamin among them for the
lever and Benjamin among them for the
lever and Benjamin among them for the Kings word was abominable to Joab and
Kings word was abominable to Joab and
Kings word was abominable to Joab and God was displeased with this thing
God was displeased with this thing
God was displeased with this thing therefore he struck Israel so David said
therefore he struck Israel so David said
therefore he struck Israel so David said to God I have sinned greatly because I
to God I have sinned greatly because I
to God I have sinned greatly because I have done this thing but now I pray take
have done this thing but now I pray take
have done this thing but now I pray take away the iniquity of your servant for I
away the iniquity of your servant for I
away the iniquity of your servant for I have done very foolish
then the Lord spoke to Garrett David's
then the Lord spoke to Garrett David's ear go and tell David saying thus says
ear go and tell David saying thus says
ear go and tell David saying thus says the Lord I offer you three things choose
the Lord I offer you three things choose
the Lord I offer you three things choose one of them for yourself that I may do
one of them for yourself that I may do
one of them for yourself that I may do it to you
it to you
it to you so dad came to David thus says the Lord
so dad came to David thus says the Lord
so dad came to David thus says the Lord choose for yourself either three years
choose for yourself either three years
choose for yourself either three years of famine or three months to be defeated
of famine or three months to be defeated
of famine or three months to be defeated by your foes with the sword of your
by your foes with the sword of your
by your foes with the sword of your enemies overtaking you or else for three
enemies overtaking you or else for three
enemies overtaking you or else for three days the sword of the Lord the plague in
days the sword of the Lord the plague in
days the sword of the Lord the plague in the land with the angel of the Lord
the land with the angel of the Lord
the land with the angel of the Lord destroying throughout all the territory
destroying throughout all the territory
destroying throughout all the territory of Israel now consider what answer
of Israel now consider what answer
of Israel now consider what answer should I take back to him who sent me I
should I take back to him who sent me I
should I take back to him who sent me I am in great distress
am in great distress
am in great distress please let me fall into the hand of the
please let me fall into the hand of the
please let me fall into the hand of the Lord for His mercies are very great but
Lord for His mercies are very great but
Lord for His mercies are very great but do not let me fall into the hand of man
so the Lord sent a plague upon Israel
so the Lord sent a plague upon Israel and 70,000 men of Israel fell
and 70,000 men of Israel fell
and 70,000 men of Israel fell and God sent an angel to Jerusalem to
and God sent an angel to Jerusalem to
and God sent an angel to Jerusalem to destroy it as he was destroying Lord
destroy it as he was destroying Lord
destroy it as he was destroying Lord looked and polenta dove the disaster and
looked and polenta dove the disaster and
looked and polenta dove the disaster and said to the angel who was destroying it
said to the angel who was destroying it
said to the angel who was destroying it is enough now restrain Yahoo and the
is enough now restrain Yahoo and the
is enough now restrain Yahoo and the angel of the Lord stood by the threshing
angel of the Lord stood by the threshing
angel of the Lord stood by the threshing floor of Ornan the Jebusite then david
floor of Ornan the Jebusite then david
floor of Ornan the Jebusite then david lifted his eyes and saw the angel of the
lifted his eyes and saw the angel of the
lifted his eyes and saw the angel of the Lord standing between Earth and heaven
Lord standing between Earth and heaven
Lord standing between Earth and heaven having in his hand a drawn sword
having in his hand a drawn sword
having in his hand a drawn sword stretched out over Jerusalem so David
stretched out over Jerusalem so David
stretched out over Jerusalem so David and the elders clothed in sackcloth fell
and the elders clothed in sackcloth fell
and the elders clothed in sackcloth fell on their faces and David said to God was
on their faces and David said to God was
on their faces and David said to God was it not I who commanded the people to be
it not I who commanded the people to be
it not I who commanded the people to be numbered I am the one who has sinned and
numbered I am the one who has sinned and
numbered I am the one who has sinned and done evil indeed but these sheep what
done evil indeed but these sheep what
done evil indeed but these sheep what have they done let your hand
have they done let your hand
have they done let your hand I pray O Lord my god be against me and
I pray O Lord my god be against me and
I pray O Lord my god be against me and my father's house but not against your
my father's house but not against your
my father's house but not against your people that they should be plagued
people that they should be plagued
people that they should be plagued therefore the Angel of the LORD
therefore the Angel of the LORD
therefore the Angel of the LORD commanded GAD to say to David that David
commanded GAD to say to David that David
commanded GAD to say to David that David should go and erect an altar to the Lord
should go and erect an altar to the Lord
should go and erect an altar to the Lord on the threshing floor of Ornan the
on the threshing floor of Ornan the
on the threshing floor of Ornan the Jebusite so David went up at the word of
Jebusite so David went up at the word of
Jebusite so David went up at the word of God which he had spoken in the name of
God which he had spoken in the name of
God which he had spoken in the name of the Lord now born on 10 and saw the
the Lord now born on 10 and saw the
the Lord now born on 10 and saw the angel and his four sons who were with
angel and his four sons who were with
angel and his four sons who were with him hid themselves but Onan continued
him hid themselves but Onan continued
him hid themselves but Onan continued threshing weeds so David came to Onan
threshing weeds so David came to Onan
threshing weeds so David came to Onan and Onan looked and saw David and he
and Onan looked and saw David and he
and Onan looked and saw David and he went out from the threshing floor and
went out from the threshing floor and
went out from the threshing floor and bowed before David with his face to the
bowed before David with his face to the
bowed before David with his face to the ground
ground
ground David said to Onan grant me the place of
David said to Onan grant me the place of
David said to Onan grant me the place of this threshing floor that I may build an
this threshing floor that I may build an
this threshing floor that I may build an altar on it to the Lord you shall grant
altar on it to the Lord you shall grant
altar on it to the Lord you shall grant it to me at the full price that the
it to me at the full price that the
it to me at the full price that the plague may be withdrawn from the people
plague may be withdrawn from the people
plague may be withdrawn from the people take it to yourself and let my lord the
take it to yourself and let my lord the
take it to yourself and let my lord the king do what is good in his eyes look I
king do what is good in his eyes look I
king do what is good in his eyes look I also give you the oxen for burnt
also give you the oxen for burnt
also give you the oxen for burnt offerings the threshing implements for
offerings the threshing implements for
offerings the threshing implements for wood and the wheat for the grain
wood and the wheat for the grain
wood and the wheat for the grain offering I give it all no but I will
offering I give it all no but I will
offering I give it all no but I will surely buy it for the full price for I
surely buy it for the full price for I
surely buy it for the full price for I will not take what is yours for the Lord
will not take what is yours for the Lord
will not take what is yours for the Lord nor offer burnt offerings with that
nor offer burnt offerings with that
nor offer burnt offerings with that which cost me nothing so David gave on
which cost me nothing so David gave on
which cost me nothing so David gave on on 600 shekels of gold by wait for the
on 600 shekels of gold by wait for the
on 600 shekels of gold by wait for the place and David built there an altar to
place and David built there an altar to
place and David built there an altar to the Lord and offered burnt offerings and
the Lord and offered burnt offerings and
the Lord and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings and called on the Lord
peace offerings and called on the Lord
peace offerings and called on the Lord and he answered him from heaven by fire
and he answered him from heaven by fire
and he answered him from heaven by fire on the altar of burnt-offering
on the altar of burnt-offering
on the altar of burnt-offering so the lord commanded the angel and he
so the lord commanded the angel and he
so the lord commanded the angel and he returned his sword to its sheath at that
returned his sword to its sheath at that
returned his sword to its sheath at that time when David saw that the Lord had
time when David saw that the Lord had
time when David saw that the Lord had answered him on the threshing floor of
answered him on the threshing floor of
answered him on the threshing floor of Ornan the Jebusite he sacrificed there
Ornan the Jebusite he sacrificed there
Ornan the Jebusite he sacrificed there for the tabernacle of the Lord and the
for the tabernacle of the Lord and the
for the tabernacle of the Lord and the altar of the burnt offering which Moses
altar of the burnt offering which Moses
altar of the burnt offering which Moses had made in the wilderness were at that
had made in the wilderness were at that
had made in the wilderness were at that time at the high place in Gibeon but
time at the high place in Gibeon but
time at the high place in Gibeon but David could not go before it to inquired
David could not go before it to inquired
David could not go before it to inquired of God for he was afraid of the sword of
of God for he was afraid of the sword of
of God for he was afraid of the sword of the
the
the a little more